what is up guys this wall I gave you to
be one and I'm back with a lot of
Minecraft Pocket Edition map review and
this map is just incredibly big I just
can't express this how just this map is
is just incredible this map is called
mine York City or something like that
yes it's called mine York City and this
map is just it's just huge for Pocket
Edition and this is this is I think this
is one of the biggest maps I've seen for
Minecraft Pocket Edition and I'm not
going to be talking over it for like the
whole video I'm just going to like be
saying this and I'm just going to speed
up the rest of the video for you guys to
enjoy the how big this map is because
this map is just huge now this is just a
little part of the map I am in right now
and I'm just going to read the science
right here that they have for us about
to NYC which is mind my New York City
yep it's my New York City mine York City
is the largest city in Minecraft Pocket
Edition the city will celebrate its
first birthday on June 20th the city was
built on lower Manhattan and escalated
from there this is a bustling metropolis
metropolis including an entire subway a
highway system and a cityscape of over
35 scratch skyscrapers if you are using
no fog MOG at least one skyscraper can
be viewed from other islands so there
are five islands block blocker Manhattan
lapis Island another Island and Endor
Island
welcome to my seat the largest project
in the city is the International
crafting set through complex
construction started August 5th 2012 and
is still under construction today so
yeah those are basically assigned and
this map is just incredible it's going
to take a while so I'm just going to go
ahead and speed up the video for you
guys to enjoy this map and view it aww
and I will be showing you guys how the
map will look like at night mode at the
end almost at the end of this video so
you guys might want to stay tuned for
that and I will see you guys at the
almost end of the video peace
you
Oh
now I'm going to show you how this map
will look like when it is in Survivor
mode and it is 9:00 time I heard it is
going to be looking awesome great
finished it's just going to look cool
that's that's what I just heard from by
looking at a picture the developer
posted and let's just hope it turns out
to be cool and yeah that's about it I'm
going to be finishing off the video
after I have finished showing you guys
that and I just want to take this time
to say thank you guys for watching if
you guys enjoyed this video please leave
a like rating below it really helps out
a lot subscribe if you're new to my
channel and I will see you guys next
video peace